Adding documentation for Greencell HabuDen integration. (#39113)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/greencell.markdown

---
title: Greencell
description: Instructions on how to use the Greencell EVSE integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Button
  - Number
  - Sensor

> ha_release: 2025.5.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2025.8
```
tbd

Author: Done

---
title: Greencell
description: Instructions on how to use the Greencell EVSE integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Button
  - Number
  - Sensor
ha_release: 2025.5.1
ha_codeowners:
  - '@BrzezowskiGC'
ha_domain: greencell
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Greencell EVSE [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/en/555-ev-chargers#/power-22kw_8_stage_regulation) integration for Home Assistant enables:

Reviewer: In the first line, the integration is called Greencell EVSE HabuDen. In the title it is called Greencell. What is the actual name of the integration?

Author: Done. Standardised to Greencell

> The Greencell EVSE [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/en/555-ev-chargers#/power-22kw_8_stage_regulation) integration for Home Assistant enables:

Reviewer: In the first line, could you give a very high-level description of what the integration does? Something like: The Greencell integration allows you to integrate Greencell electric vehicle (EV) charging devices into Home Assistant.

Author: Done.

- Monitoring of the device status
- Measurement of electrical parameters (voltage, current, power)
- Basic control of the electric vehicle charging process

Communication is handled via MQTT, and the integration supports:

- Dynamic state updates and device availability detection
- Remote start and stop of charging
- Checking the current charging session and vehicle connection status

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> ## Integration Modes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Integration modes
```
We use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/using-type/use-sentence-style-capitalization), also for headings. Please fix throughout the docs.

Author: Done

Greencell offers three levels of integration with Home Assistant to suit different user needs:

| Mode      | Description                                                                                         |
|:----------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DISABLE** | Integration Disabled – the device does not connect to the MQTT broker, and all entities are disabled. |
| **READ**    | Read Only – the device sends measurement data (voltage, current, power), states and ignores commands received on the relevant topic except for the `QUERY` command. Buttons and Number entities are disabled. |
| **EXECUTE** | Full Access – the device sends measurement data and responds to commands (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) received on the relevant topic. All supported entities are enabled. |

## Supported Entities

### Sensors

> - **Charging Power** – Instantaneous charging power of the EVSE (W).
> - **Current Phase L1** – Current measurement for phase L1 (A).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Charging power**: Instantaneous charging power of the EVSE (W).
- **Current phase L1**: Current measurement for phase L1 (A).
```
We use sentence-style capitalization also in UI strings. Please fix throughout the docs.

Author: Done

   - **MQTT broker port** – TCP port of the broker (for example `1883`).
   - **Username** *(optional)* – MQTT username if your broker requires authentication.
   - **Password** *(optional)* – MQTT password for the above user.

6. Tap **Save**. The device stores the settings and attempts to connect to the MQTT broker.
   The app displays a progress view:

   ![Waiting for connection screen](/images/integrations/greencell/waiting_for_connection_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

7. Connection result

    - **Connected** – The device successfully connected to the MQTT broker.
    - **Connecting → error after ~30 s** – One of the following is shown:
    - **Network error** – The device can’t reach the MQTT broker (wrong address/port, broker down, or network/firewall issue).
    - **Authentication error** – The device reached the server but failed authentication (wrong username/password).

## Base functionalities

- Monitoring of the device status
- Measurement of electrical parameters (voltage, current, power)
- We plan to add charging control process

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

> ## Integration modes

Reviewer: where do I configure this? Is this a configuration option?

Author: Got it. I add proper description

---
title: Greencell
description: Instructions on how to use the Greencell EVSE integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Local Push
ha_release: 2026.7
ha_config_flow: true
ha_mqtt: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@BrzezowskiGC'
ha_domain: greencell
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Greencell** {% term integration %} lets you connect Greencell EV charging devices to Home Assistant via MQTT. It exposes real-time telemetry and charging-session data, such as current, voltage, power, and state, for use in dashboards and automations. The integration communicates via MQTT:

- Subscribes to device topics for telemetry and availability

> - Command handling (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) will be enabled once control support is released

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Greencell** {% term integration %} lets you connect Greencell EV charging devices to Home Assistant via MQTT. It monitors device status and measures electrical parameters such as voltage, current, and power, exposing real-time telemetry and charging-session data for use in dashboards and automations.
```
I think some of the implementation details could be removed here in favor of a more high-level description.

Author: Done

## Supported devices

Currently, the integration supports only [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/habuden) devices.

## Prerequisites

- Greencell GC App

> - Greencell GC account

Reviewer: I would add 2 more prereqs here, to make it clear this needs to be done before adding the integration:
- [Have the device added to the Greencell App](link to procedure)
- [Have the device configured in the Greencell App](link)

Author: Done

5. Fill in the MQTT connection details:

   - **MQTT server address** – Hostname or IP of your MQTT broker (for example, `mqtt.local` or `192.168.1.10`).
   - **MQTT broker port** – TCP port of the broker (for example `1883`).
   - **Username** *(optional)* – MQTT username if your broker requires authentication.
   - **Password** *(optional)* – MQTT password for the above user.

6. Tap **Save**. The device stores the settings and attempts to connect to the MQTT broker.
   The app displays a progress view:

   ![Waiting for connection screen](/images/integrations/greencell/waiting_for_connection_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

7. Connection result

    - **Connected** – The device successfully connected to the MQTT broker.
    - **Connecting → error after ~30 s** – One of the following is shown:
    - **Network error** – The device can’t reach the MQTT broker (wrong address/port, broker down, or network/firewall issue).
    - **Authentication error** – The device reached the server but failed authentication (wrong username/password).

## Base functionalities

- Monitoring of the device status
- Measurement of electrical parameters (voltage, current, power)

> - We plan to add charging control process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this content would do well in the introduction. Made a suggestion.

Author: Done

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Integration modes

> Greencell offers three levels of integration with Home Assistant to suit different user needs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Greencell offers three levels of integration with Home Assistant to suit different user needs.

To change the integration mode, in the Greencell GC App, open the Home Assistant settings. See the [configuration chapter](#to-configure-a-device-using-the-greencell-gc-app) for how to find this setting in the app.
```

Author: Done

| Mode      | Description                                                                                         |
|:----------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DISABLE** | Integration disabled – the device does not connect to the MQTT broker, and all entities are disabled. |
| **READ**    | Read only – the device sends measurement data (voltage, current, power), states and ignores commands received on the relevant topic except for the `QUERY` command. Buttons and Number entities are disabled. |

> | **EXECUTE** | Full access – the device sends measurement data and responds to commands (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) received on the relevant topic. All supported entities are enabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DISABLE**: Integration disabled. The device does not connect to the MQTT broker, and all entities are disabled.
- **READ**: Read only. The device sends measurement data (voltage, current, power) and states, but ignores commands except `QUERY`. Buttons and number entities are disabled.
- **EXECUTE**: Full access. The device sends measurement data and responds to all commands (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`). All supported entities are enabled.
```
We [prefer lists over tables](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/general-style-guide#tables), see [example](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L105).

Author: Done

> Modes can be configured using the Greencell GC App in Home Assistant settings. See the [configuration chapter](#to-configure-a-device-using-the-greencell-gc-app) for how to find this setting in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done

---
title: Greencell
description: Instructions on how to use the Greencell EVSE integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor

> ha_release: 2025.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_release: 2025.10
```

Author: Done

ha_codeowners:
  - '@BrzezowskiGC'
ha_domain: greencell
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The Greencell integration allows to integrate Greencell electric vehicles charging devices into Home Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Greencell** {% term integration %} allows to integrate Greencell electric vehicles charging devices into Home Assistant.
```

Author: Done

## Supported devices

> Currently integration support only [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/habuden).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the integration supports only [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/habuden) devices.
```

Author: Done

The message contains the current charging state of a connected electric/PHEV car. Possible states are:
`UNAVAILABLE`, `IDLE`, `CONNECTED`, `WAITING_FOR_CAR`, `CHARGING`, `FINISHED`, `ERROR_CAR`, `ERROR_EVSE`

```json
{
    "state" : "CHARGING"
}
```

#### /greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/device_state

This message contains information about the current state of Home Assistant integration access and the HEMS current set by HA on the device. It isn't sent synchronously, but can be queried by sending a `QUERY` command on the `/greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/cmd` topic. Possible states are: `READ`, `EXECUTE`, `DISABLED`. The `DISABLED` state is sent only if HA was enabled and the user subsequently disabled it during program execution.

```json
{
    "level" : "EXECUTE",
    "hems_current" : 9
}
```

#### /greencell/broadcast

This topic is used to send a `BROADCAST` command to notify all devices on the local network that a new device is being added to the integration.

```json
{
    "name" : "BROADCAST"
}
```

#### /greencell/broadcast/device

On this topic, devices send their serial numbers in response to a broadcast request.

```json
{
    "id" : "{SERIAL}"
}
```

> ## Configure your device using the GC App

Reviewer: I think this section should be moved up, after the functionality section. We usually have the prerequisites and configuration sections near the start of the page, see [documentation on documentation structure](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/integration-docs-examples)

Author: Done

| **READ**    | Read only – the device sends measurement data (voltage, current, power), states and ignores commands received on the relevant topic except for the `QUERY` command. Buttons and Number entities are disabled. |
| **EXECUTE** | Full access – the device sends measurement data and responds to commands (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) received on the relevant topic. All supported entities are enabled. |

## Supported entities

### Sensors

- **Charging power** – Instantaneous charging power of the EVSE (W).
- **Current phase L1** – Current measurement for phase L1 (A).
- **Current phase L2** – Current measurement for phase L2 (A).
- **Current phase L3** – Current measurement for phase L3 (A).
- **Voltage phase L1** – Voltage measurement for phase L1 (V).
- **Voltage phase L2** – Voltage measurement for phase L2 (V).
- **Voltage phase L3** – Voltage measurement for phase L3 (V).
- **EVSE state** – Current state of the EVSE. Possible values:
  - `UNAVAILABLE`
  - `IDLE`
  - `CONNECTED`
  - `WAITING_FOR_CAR`
  - `CHARGING`
  - `FINISHED`
  - `ERROR_CAR`
  - `ERROR_EVSE`

## Configure your device using the GC App

> This section describes how to configure your device for the Home Assistant integration using the **GC App** from Greencell.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand the installation sequence yet. 
does the Greencell integration need to be added to Home Assistant before I set up Home Assistant in the Greencell app? Or do I need to have the app before I can add the integration to Home Assistant? Is having the app mandatory?

Author: I added clarification

#### /greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/status

The message contains the current charging state of a connected electric/PHEV car. Possible states are:
`UNAVAILABLE`, `IDLE`, `CONNECTED`, `WAITING_FOR_CAR`, `CHARGING`, `FINISHED`, `ERROR_CAR`, `ERROR_EVSE`

```json
{
    "state" : "CHARGING"
}
```

#### /greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/device_state

This message contains information about the current state of Home Assistant integration access and the HEMS current set by HA on the device. It isn't sent synchronously, but can be queried by sending a `QUERY` command on the `/greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/cmd` topic. Possible states are: `READ`, `EXECUTE`, `DISABLED`. The `DISABLED` state is sent only if HA was enabled and the user subsequently disabled it during program execution.

```json
{
    "level" : "EXECUTE",
    "hems_current" : 9
}
```

#### /greencell/broadcast

This topic is used to send a `BROADCAST` command to notify all devices on the local network that a new device is being added to the integration.

```json
{
    "name" : "BROADCAST"
}
```

#### /greencell/broadcast/device

On this topic, devices send their serial numbers in response to a broadcast request.

```json
{
    "id" : "{SERIAL}"
}

> ```

Reviewer: add a section about how to remove the integration. If it applies to your integration, you can use the standard textblock from the examples page:

https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L167

Author: Done

---
title: Greencell
description: Instructions on how to use the Greencell EVSE integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_release: 2025.10
ha_codeowners:
  - '@BrzezowskiGC'
ha_domain: greencell
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Greencell** {% term integration %} allows to integrate Greencell electric vehicles charging devices into Home Assistant.

## Supported devices

Currently, the integration supports only [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/habuden) devices.

## Base functionalities

- Monitoring of the device status
- Measurement of electrical parameters (voltage, current, power)
- We plan to add charging control process

## Communication

Communication is handled via MQTT, and the integration supports:

- Dynamic state updates and device availability detection
- Remote start and stop of charging
- Checking the current charging session and vehicle connection status

> 

Reviewer: Everything that is needed or needs to be done before adding the integration to Home Assistant should be listed in the Prerequisites section ([Example here](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L43)).

I've added some examples in the suggestion, but please edit it so that it is correct for your integration.

Author: Ok. I made quite refactor of that.

> {% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Prerequisites

- Greencell GC App
- Greencell GC account

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
```

| **DISABLE** | Integration disabled – the device does not connect to the MQTT broker, and all entities are disabled. |
| **READ**    | Read only – the device sends measurement data (voltage, current, power), states and ignores commands received on the relevant topic except for the `QUERY` command. Buttons and Number entities are disabled. |
| **EXECUTE** | Full access – the device sends measurement data and responds to commands (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) received on the relevant topic. All supported entities are enabled. |

## Supported entities

### Sensors

- **Charging power** – Instantaneous charging power of the EVSE (W).
- **Current phase L1** – Current measurement for phase L1 (A).
- **Current phase L2** – Current measurement for phase L2 (A).
- **Current phase L3** – Current measurement for phase L3 (A).
- **Voltage phase L1** – Voltage measurement for phase L1 (V).
- **Voltage phase L2** – Voltage measurement for phase L2 (V).
- **Voltage phase L3** – Voltage measurement for phase L3 (V).
- **EVSE state** – Current state of the EVSE. Possible values:
  - `UNAVAILABLE`
  - `IDLE`
  - `CONNECTED`
  - `WAITING_FOR_CAR`
  - `CHARGING`

>   - `FINISHED`
>   - `ERROR_CAR`
>   - `ERROR_EVSE`
> 
> ## Configure your device using the GC App
> 
> This section explains how to configure your device for the Home Assistant integration using the Greencell GC App. You must complete this one-time setup in the app before adding the device to the Greencell integration in Home Assistant. After the device has been configured and added, the app is no longer required for day-to-day use.
> 
> > **Prerequisites:** Your device must be nearby. The app connects over Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), so keep your phone close to the device during setup.
> 
> 1. Open the GC App and make sure the device is **added to your account**.
> 2. Go to the device **Settings** (tap the cogwheel in the top-right corner of the device tile).
>    The app shows the **Settings** screen:
> 
>    ![Advanced settings menu](/images/integrations/greencell/main_menu_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)
> 
> 3. In **Settings**, open **Home Assistant**.
>    If the device has never been added to Home Assistant or the integration was disabled earlier, you will see the default screen:
> 
>    ![Default Home Assistant integration screen](/images/integrations/greencell/default_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)
> 
> 4. Enable the integration by toggling the switch. Then tap **Change configuration data** to open the MQTT settings screen:
> 
>    ![Device configuration screen](/images/integrations/greencell/device_configuration_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)
> 
> 5. Fill in the MQTT connection details:
> 
>    - **MQTT server address** – Hostname or IP of your MQTT broker (for example, `mqtt.local` or `192.168.1.10`).
>    - **MQTT broker port** – TCP port of the broker (for example `1883`).
>    - **Username** *(optional)* – MQTT username if your broker requires authentication.
>    - **Password** *(optional)* – MQTT password for the above user.
> 
> 6. Tap **Save**. The device stores the settings and attempts to connect to the MQTT broker.
>    The app displays a progress view:
> 
>    ![Waiting for connection screen](/images/integrations/greencell/waiting_for_connection_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)
> 
> 7. Connection result
> 
>     - **Connected** – The device successfully connected to the MQTT broker.
>     - **Connecting → error after ~30 s** – One of the following is shown:
>     - **Network error** – The device can’t reach the MQTT broker (wrong address/port, broker down, or network/firewall issue).
>     - **Authentication error** – The device reached the server but failed authentication (wrong username/password).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a device to the Greencell GC App

### Prerequisites

- The device must be [added to the Greencell GC App](adding-a-device-to-the-greencell-gc-app) before you can add it to the Greencell integration in Home Assistant. 
    - After the device has been configured and added, the app is no longer required for day-to-day use.
- Your device must be nearby. 
    - The app connects over Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE), so keep your phone close to the device during setup.

### To add a device to the Greencell GC App

1. Open the GC App and make sure the device is **added to your account**.
2. Go to the device **Settings** (tap the cogwheel in the top-right corner of the device tile).
    - **Result**: The app shows the **Settings** screen:

   ![Advanced settings menu](/images/integrations/greencell/main_menu_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

3. In **Settings**, open **Home Assistant**.
    - If the device has never been added to Home Assistant or the integration was disabled earlier, you will see the default screen:

   ![Default Home Assistant integration screen](/images/integrations/greencell/default_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

4. Enable the integration by toggling the switch. Then tap **Change configuration data** to open the MQTT settings screen:

   ![Device configuration screen](/images/integrations/greencell/device_configuration_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

5. Fill in the MQTT connection details:

   - **MQTT server address** – Hostname or IP of your MQTT broker (for example, `mqtt.local` or `192.168.1.10`).
   - **MQTT broker port** – TCP port of the broker (for example `1883`).
   - **Username** *(optional)* – MQTT username if your broker requires authentication.
   - **Password** *(optional)* – MQTT password for the above user.

6. Tap **Save**. The device stores the settings and attempts to connect to the MQTT broker.
   The app displays a progress view:

   ![Waiting for connection screen](/images/integrations/greencell/waiting_for_connection_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

7. Connection result:

    - **Connected** – The device successfully connected to the MQTT broker.
    - **Connecting → error after ~30 s** – One of the following is shown:
    - **Network error** – The device can’t reach the MQTT broker (wrong address/port, broker down, or network/firewall issue).
    - **Authentication error** – The device reached the server but failed authentication (wrong username/password).
```

> ## Adding a new device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a new device to Home Assistant
```

> To add a new device:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new device to Home Assistant, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Configure the Greencell device in a mode other than **DISABLE** using GC App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the Greencell device to the Greencell GC App.
    - Make sure to configure the Greencell device in a mode other than **DISABLE** using GC App.
```

---
title: Greencell
description: Instructions on how to use the Greencell EVSE integration in Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Sensor

> ha_iot_class: Local Polling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_iot_class: Local Push
```
In core, it is declared as local push

Author: Done

> ha_release: 2025.10

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2026.7
```

Author: Done

> ha_codeowners:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_config_flow: true
ha_mqtt: true
ha_codeowners:
```

Author: Done

  - '@BrzezowskiGC'

> ha_domain: greencell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_domain: greencell
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
```

Author: Done

ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The **Greencell** {% term integration %} lets you integrate Greencell EV charging devices with Home Assistant. It exposes real-time telemetry and charging-session data (e.g., current, voltage, power, and state) for use in dashboards and automations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Greencell** {% term integration %} lets you connect Greencell EV charging devices to Home Assistant via MQTT. It exposes real-time telemetry and charging-session data, such as current, voltage, power, and state, for use in dashboards and automations.
```
Move content from **Communication** section into intro.

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Supported devices

Currently, the integration supports only [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/habuden) devices.

```
I would add this section here to follow the standard structure.
https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/integration-docs-examples

Author: Done

   ![Device configuration screen](/images/integrations/greencell/device_configuration_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

5. Fill in the MQTT connection details:

   - **MQTT server address** – Hostname or IP of your MQTT broker (for example, `mqtt.local` or `192.168.1.10`).
   - **MQTT broker port** – TCP port of the broker (for example `1883`).
   - **Username** *(optional)* – MQTT username if your broker requires authentication.
   - **Password** *(optional)* – MQTT password for the above user.

6. Tap **Save**. The device stores the settings and attempts to connect to the MQTT broker.
   The app displays a progress view:

   ![Waiting for connection screen](/images/integrations/greencell/waiting_for_connection_screen_greencell_hass.jpeg)

7. Connection result

    - **Connected** – The device successfully connected to the MQTT broker.
    - **Connecting → error after ~30 s** – One of the following is shown:
    - **Network error** – The device can’t reach the MQTT broker (wrong address/port, broker down, or network/firewall issue).
    - **Authentication error** – The device reached the server but failed authentication (wrong username/password).

## Supported devices

> Currently, the integration supports only [HabuDen](https://greencell.global/habuden) devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This section usually comes right after the introduction.

Author: Done

## Base functionalities

- Monitoring of the device status
- Measurement of electrical parameters (voltage, current, power)
- We plan to add charging control process

## Communication

The integration communicates via MQTT:

- Subscribes to device topics for telemetry and availability

> - Command handling (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) will be enabled once control support is released

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Non-standard section. I would move that content into the intro. Added a suggestion.

Author: Done

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Integration modes

Greencell offers three levels of integration with Home Assistant to suit different user needs:

| Mode      | Description                                                                                         |
|:----------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **DISABLE** | Integration disabled – the device does not connect to the MQTT broker, and all entities are disabled. |
| **READ**    | Read only – the device sends measurement data (voltage, current, power), states and ignores commands received on the relevant topic except for the `QUERY` command. Buttons and Number entities are disabled. |
| **EXECUTE** | Full access – the device sends measurement data and responds to commands (`START`, `STOP`, `SET_CURRENT`, `QUERY`) received on the relevant topic. All supported entities are enabled. |

> ## Supported entities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported functionality
```
We have a standard title and intro for this section.
https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/blob/current/source/_integrations/_integration_docs_template.markdown?plain=1#L91

Author: Done

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The **Greencell** {% term integration %} provides the following entities.

```

Author: Done

### Sensors

> - **Charging power** – Instantaneous charging power of the EVSE (W).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Charging power**: Instantaneous charging power of the EVSE (W).
```
Please use a colon in these cases.

Author: Done

- **Current phase L1** – Current measurement for phase L1 (A).
- **Current phase L2** – Current measurement for phase L2 (A).
- **Current phase L3** – Current measurement for phase L3 (A).
- **Voltage phase L1** – Voltage measurement for phase L1 (V).
- **Voltage phase L2** – Voltage measurement for phase L2 (V).
- **Voltage phase L3** – Voltage measurement for phase L3 (V).
- **EVSE state** – Current state of the EVSE. Possible values:
  - `UNAVAILABLE`
  - `IDLE`
  - `CONNECTED`
  - `WAITING_FOR_CAR`
  - `CHARGING`
  - `FINISHED`
  - `ERROR_CAR`
  - `ERROR_EVSE`

## Adding a new device to Home Assistant

> To add a new device to Home Assistant, follow these steps::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a new device to Home Assistant, follow these steps:
```

Author: Done

#### /greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/status

The message contains the current charging state of a connected electric/PHEV car. Possible states are:
`UNAVAILABLE`, `IDLE`, `CONNECTED`, `WAITING_FOR_CAR`, `CHARGING`, `FINISHED`, `ERROR_CAR`, `ERROR_EVSE`

```json
{
    "state" : "CHARGING"
}
```

#### /greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/device_state

This message contains information about the current state of Home Assistant integration access and the HEMS current set by HA on the device. It isn't sent synchronously, but can be queried by sending a `QUERY` command on the `/greencell/evse/{SERIAL}/cmd` topic. Possible states are: `READ`, `EXECUTE`, `DISABLED`. The `DISABLED` state is sent only if HA was enabled and the user subsequently disabled it during program execution.

```json
{
    "level" : "EXECUTE",
    "hems_current" : 9
}
```

#### /greencell/broadcast

This topic is used to send a `BROADCAST` command to notify all devices on the local network that a new device is being added to the integration.

```json
{
    "name" : "BROADCAST"
}
```

#### /greencell/broadcast/device

On this topic, devices send their serial numbers in response to a broadcast request.

```json
{
    "id" : "{SERIAL}"
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think we can do without these details as users don't even encounter them

Author: Done. I added it, because bot in this review requested it.
